[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/events/README.md

# Kogito Events Addon

> Adds the capability to handle with events use cases on Kogito projects. Please find out more in the following sections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito Events add-on adds the capability to handle use cases with events on Kogito projects. See the following documentation sections to find out more.
```

> of our official documentation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

- [Kogito runtime events](https://docs.jboss.org/kogito/release/latest/html_single/#con-kogito-runtime-events_kogito-configuring)
- [Travel agency tutorial for Kogito services on OpenShift](https://docs.jboss.org/kogito/release/latest/html_single/#con-kogito-travel-agency_kogito-deploying-on-openshift)

## Examples

> Please check the following examples to explore more about this capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following examples to explore more about this capability.
```
